The story is about a conformist watchman, a shaman, an acrobat, and a distant conjurer who was once married to a traitor. It takes place in a military town in an arid kingdom. The story begins with a dream, climaxes with a wedding, and ends with smuggling. The effect of magic on business is a major part of the story.
The story is about a mercenary who must work with a tomb-robber. It starts in a traditional police state in a magical alternate universe. The story begins with the failure at a test and ends with a natural disaster.
This is a story about the truth of 'survival of the fittest'. The story is about an archivist who must work with a prospector. It starts in a magical alternate universe. The story climaxes with someone taking a bath.
The story is about a principled archer, a tough queen, a bowman, and an elementalist who is constantly opposed by an elementalist. It starts in a school. The story begins with someone changing clothes and ends with someone building a dwelling.
This is a natural disaster with an undercurrent about falsehood and man versus destiny. The story is about a homely rascal who is constantly annoying a chaste bodyguard. It takes place in a port in a sophisticated domain. The creation of a magical artifact plays an important role.
The story is about a magician. It takes place in a solar system of magical space travel. The story begins with a birth, climaxes with a holiday preparation, and ends with a robbery.
The story is about a rebellious herbologist who is stalked by a coachman. It starts in a mine. The story begins with a journey.
The story is about an astrologer who is engaged to a strong rascal. It starts in the imagination of a god. The story ends with a wedding.
The story is about an elementalist who is mysteriously connected to a wily wizard. It starts in a port. The story climaxes with a massacre.
The story is about a wily cartographer, a beastmaster, and a noble who is best friends with a tomb-robber. It starts on a space station established by magical means. The crux of the story involves a deception. Different kinds of magic are vying for supremacy in the story.
This is a documentary-style story with a focus on stupidity. The story is about a promiscuous exorcist with a rival in his/her profession. It starts in a cursed land. The story begins with the taking of a test.
The story is about a religious demonologist. It starts in a galaxy of magic. The effect of magic on religion is a major part of the story.
This is an action adventure. The story is about a politician. It starts in a warehouse in a metropolis. The critical element of the story is an eavesdropping.
The story is about a pious bard who has a mysterious admirier: a sleazy watchman. It takes place in a coliseum. The story begins with an accident and ends with someone applying for a job. Holding off the end of the world is an important part of the story.
The story is about seven elementalists. It takes place in an ocean country in a solar system of magical space travel. The story begins with someone getting a new hairstyle. A sudden increase in dangerous monsters is a major plot element.
This is a romantic comedy with an emphasis on the importance of brains over brawn. The story is about a pure exorcist, a bartender, a noble, and a worried healer. It starts in a mine in a tourist town. A sudden increase in dangerous monsters is a major plot element.
The story is about a cunning conjurer. It takes place in a port. The story climaxes with a training.
The story is about an unfriendly wizard who fears supernatural entities. It starts in a cursed place. A conflict between those who use magic and those who don't plays an important role.
The story is about an unambitious king who fears non-human beings. It starts in a sophisticated kingdom. The story begins with a surgery. Holding off the end of the world is an important part of the story.
The story is about an alliance of hermits. It takes place in a religious commonwealth on our world in a magical age. The story begins with someone faking a skill, climaxes with a training, and ends with a delusion.
 