This is a killer-on-the-loose with a strong theme of endurance and the need for change and growth. The story is about an educated wanderer and a chemist. It takes place in a port city. The crux of the story involves an eavesdropping.
This is an epic about the human trait of avoiding death. The story is about a project manager and an ambitious heir. It starts in a port city in Australia. The crux of the story involves the taking of a test. The fall of the Soviet Union plays a major part in the story.
This is a natural disaster with an emphasis on deceit. The story is about a bookstore owner. It takes place in a tourist town in Greece. The story begins with a slip of the tongue and ends with someone building a dwelling. The issue of global warming plays a major role in this story.
This is a tale about forbidden love. The story is about a cowardly cab driver who has a crush on an anthropologist. It starts in a tourist town. The story climaxes with an illness.
This is a mystery story. The story is about a bandit searching for purpose. It starts in an outpost in the Arctic. Globalization plays a major part in the story.
The story is about an impostor. It takes place in a town in Finland. The story begins with a legal dispute, climaxes with a deception, and ends with someone buying a dwelling.
The story is about an eccentric repairman who hates an unhappy fighter pilot. It starts in a nuclear power plant. The changing role of women in cultures plays a major role in this story.
The story is about a brutal scuba diver who is mysteriously connected to a confident student. It takes place in a water treatment plant. International commerce plays a major part in this story.
This is a morality tale with an undercurrent about how people miss the obvious. The story is about an acrobat who is mysteriously connected to a courageous clerk. It takes place in a battleship. The internet plays a major part in the story.
The story is about a performance artist, a nuclear engineer, a social computer programmer, and a movie reviewer. It starts in Seattle. The story begins with a birthday celebration, climaxes with temptation, and ends with someone writing in a diary.
This is a natural disaster. The story is about pretenders. It takes place in a village in the Antarctic. Tradition versus modernity plays a major part in this story.
The story is about a secret agent. It starts in a shooting range in Monaco City. The story begins with a pleasant surprise and ends with a birth. The fallout from World War I plays a major role in this story.
This is a road trip tale with an emphasis on camaraderie and man's need for a challenge. The story is about a CIO who is constantly annoyed by a priestess. It takes place in a city hall in a large city. World hunger plays a major role in this story.
This is an escape-from-prison story with an emphasis on how people are all very different. The story is about a repairman who is engaged to an architect. It starts in a coffee shop. The story begins with an argument and ends with growth. The formation of the European Union plays a major role in this story.
The story is about a baseball player. It takes place in a funeral home. The story ends with a revelation.
The story is about a poised police chief and an obsessive biologist who is married to an anxious broadcaster. It takes place in a drug store. The crux of the story involves treason. Archaeology versus respecting native cultures plays a major role in this story.
This is a murder-mystery with a strong theme of disillusionment and the need for change and growth. The story is about a school of detectives. It takes place in an insane asylum. The story begins with an unveiling and ends with a war. The changing role of women in cultures plays a major role in this story.
The story is about a performance artist who is obsessed with a college professor. It takes place in a tourist town in Yugoslavia. The story climaxes with someone losing a job. The differences between laws from country to country plays a major role in the story.
This is a character study with a focus on barbarism and people's tenancy to be dishonest. The story is about a stockbroker, a mentor, and a clinging merchant who is in love with a sleazy philosopher. It starts in a port city. The story begins with a conversion and ends with a holiday preparation.
This is an epic drama. The story is about a rude trader. It starts in a large city in Australia. The crux of the story involves a flashback. The generation gap plays a major part in this story.