This is a gross-out comedy with an emphasis on wisdom. The story is about an arch-druid, a healthy video game programmer, and a wild martial artist. It takes place on a fog-shrouded planet. The story ends with an invasion of privacy.

This is a tale about rivalry. The story is about a leader. It takes place in a planetary empire in an intergalactic nation. The fallout from World War II plays a major role in this story.

The story is about an optimistic stylist. It takes place on a fiery planet in a solar-system-spanning federation. The critical element of the story is a performance. An ancient evil coming back to life is a major part of the story.

This is a surrealist piece with a focus on disillusionment. The story is about a rabble-rouser and a mature ranger. It starts at a portal to another dimension. The crux of the story involves a journey.

The story is about a cruel tomb-robber who is prone to odd statements. It takes place on an arid planet. An ancient prophecy plays an important role.

This is a morality tale. The story is about a media personality whose culture has collapsed. It takes place in a large city on a magical world where everyone lives underground. The difficulty of cross-species communications is a major issue of the story.

The story is about an ugly arch-mage who is engaged to an unpredictable surgeon. It takes place in a ghost town. The story begins with a surrender and ends with an argument. An accident in space plays a major role in the story.

This is a murder-mystery. The story is about a garbageman and a dispirited school teacher who is mysteriously connected to a king. It starts in a sewer. The story begins with a compromise and ends with a shopping trip.

The story is about a fearsome detective who is constantly opposed by a beastmaster. It takes place in a world-spanning nation in a galaxy-spanning nation. The crux of the story involves an elopement. Technology getting out of hand is a major issue of the story.

The story is about a policeman with a knack for trouble. It starts on a volcanic planet. The story begins with longing, climaxes with destruction, and ends with the taking of a test. Shifts in economic dominance play a major role in this story.

The story is about a grave robber, a treasure-hunter, and a mystical environmentalist who was once married to a romantic druid. It starts in a solar-system-spanning technocracy. A powerful magical weapon plays an important role.

This is a tale about how history doesn't repeat itself. The story is about an aggravated student who is constantly opposing an unstable librarian. It starts in a dentist's office. The story climaxes with someone changing clothes. The differences between world cultures plays a major role in this story.

The story is about a spendthrift ranger and a wise computer programmer who is engaged to a hysterical fortune-teller. It starts in a prairie nation. The story begins with someone questioning authority, climaxes with someone applying for a job, and ends with someone borrowing money. The effect of magical races on politics is a major part of the story.

This is a story about xenophobia. The story is about a spendthrift philanthropist who is obsessed with a complacent technician. It starts on a world artificially created by magic in a magical dimension. Technophillia plays a major role in this story.

This is an epic about the need for traditional values. The story is about a clueless cartographer who is constantly annoying a detective. It starts in a warehouse. The story begins with a critical injury, climaxes with someone discovering a report about themselves, and ends with an adoration. Weapons proliferation plays a major role in this story.

This is a political story with a focus on man versus his inner demons. The story is about an optimistic performance artist and a combative astronomer. It takes place in a psychologist's office. The critical element of the story is an inheritance.

The story is about a circuit priest and a striking media personality. It takes place in a small city. The story begins with someone writing a book and ends with an inheritance. The nature of magic is changing, and that plays an important role in the story.

The story is about a rascal who was once married to an atheistic CIO. It starts in a storm-torn domain. The fallout from World War II plays a major role in this story.

The story is about an addled astrologer who must work with a policeman. It takes place in a space elevator. The gap between the rich and the poor nations plays a major role in this story.

The story is about a militant king. It starts in an outpost in a galaxy-spanning syndicate. The story climaxes with a service.