The story is about a secretive media personality who is married to a bodyguard. It starts in a galaxy-spanning syndicate. The difficulty of cross-species communications is a major issue of the story.
This is a comedy-of-manners with an emphasis on rivalry and giving in to destiny. The story is about a park ranger. It starts on a dying planet. The crux of the story involves someone losing a job. Technophillia plays a major role in this story.
This is a satire with a strong theme of travel and the past versus the future. The story is about a humble professor. It takes place at a spatial anomoly. The story begins with an addiction.
This is a psychology piece with an undercurrent about compassion and making ones own destiny. The story is about a starship captain. It starts on a lunar base. A temporal paradox plays a major role in the story.
The story is about a moral hockey player who must work with a cowardly physicist. It takes place in a large nation on a fiery planet. The story climaxes with someone moving to a new dwelling. A temporal paradox plays a major role in the story.
The story is about a prospector. It takes place in a tourist town on an arid planet. The story ends with an accident.
This is a drama/horror. The story is about a social terrorist who is engaged to a pragmatic astrologer. It starts in a planetary syndicate on a tropical planet. The story begins with someone writing a book and ends with an unveiling. The creationof artificial life plays a major role in this story.
The story is about a school of fire fighters. It takes place in a world-spanning nation on a lost planet. Technology getting out of hand is a major issue of the story.
This is an action comedy with a strong theme of conspiracy. The story is about a traveler. It takes place in a small nation on a storm-torn planet. The story begins with a service, climaxes with someone getting a new job, and ends with someone applying for a job.
This is a story about deceit. The story is about a dexterous corporate official just awoke from suspended animation. It starts aboard a space station orbiting a post-apocalyptic planet. The differences between alien technologies is a major part of this story.
This is a romantic comedy with a focus on how history doesn't repeat itself. The story is about a marine. It starts in a small nation in an interplanetary commonwealth. The effects of extending lifespans is a major part of this story.
The story is about an opportunistic hermit who is married to an experienced reporter. It takes place on a deep-space probe. The story begins with someone making a life-changing decision. The blurring of the boundaries between man and machine is a major part of this story.
This is a tale about lost love and man's need for freedom. The story is about a politician who is best friends with a terraformer. It starts in an interplanetary nation. The story ends with the discovery of a lost item.
The story is about a construction worker who hates a miserable park ranger. It starts in a large nation in a solar-system-spanning commonwealth. The story begins with someone borrowing money and ends with hunting. The unexpected difficulties technology can bring is a major part of the story.
This is a horror story. The story is about a scientist who is obsessed with a corrupt thief. It starts on a storm-torn planet. The story begins with a resignation and ends with someone taking a bath. A temporal paradox plays a major role in the story.
The story is about a first officer who must work with a mature plumber. It starts in a large city on a war-torn planet. The story begins with someone going to sleep, climaxes with someone waking up up, and ends with someone putting on make-up.
This is a story about man versus the environment. The story is about a rude acrobat and a naive mobster. It starts on a forest planet. The story begins with someone reveals their feelings, climaxes with an education, and ends with the discovery of a long-lost relative. The differences between alien technologies is a major part of this story.
The story is about a generous novelist, a short-tempered detective, and a biologist. It takes place in a planetary theocracy on a fiery planet. The critical element of the story is a tragedy. A major element of this story is technology being used by an elite few.
This is an action adventure with a focus on endurance. The story is about a zookeeper and an arrogant mobster. It starts at an orbital starship assembly yard. The story begins with a joke, climaxes with a legal dispute, and ends with someone being slandered. A major element of this story is technology being used by an elite few.
This is a story about lust and man's need for a challenge. The story is about a selfless fighter pilot who has a crush on a corporate official. It takes place on an ancient planet. The role of technology in society is a major element of the story.